---
title: Day Off
date: 2008-06-22
published: true
categories:
  - Living a Fulfilling Life
tags:
  - entrepreneurship
permalink: /day-off/
---
I've noticed via email lists and twitter that most Internet Marketers work every day of the week. Now they may only blog and send an email out every day, and that may only take them a few minutes, and they may even write it days before.

But my point is that they have communications from their company or themselves every day.  What type of message does that send to your clients?  If it looks like you are constantly working some readers and clients are going to assume that they must also.

I used to do this. I lost four or five years of my life. I can't remember anything but a flurry of work the entire time. I remember collapsing and looking up into the blue sky and thinking there has got to be more to life than working all the time. I changed.

I blog only five days a week. Rarely six, and only if I saw a good movie that gave me an idea. I also only send out three emails a week. And when I'm offline I don't twitter much unless it is something really cool. Isn't it a drag when you get online and one person has produced a vast majority of your twitter feed to read, and some of it is about going to the grocery store? Boring.

Train your customers and clients on what to expect. Don't work every day. Don't even look like you are working every day. And take some time off. How do you think you are going to come up with new ideas and insights if you are constantly working? Rest and ideas will pop into your brain much more easily.

And get out of the house.
